readme.md, before:

[![Maven](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/mvpotter/kladr-api-client.svg?label=maven)](https://jitpack.io/#mvpotter/kladr-api-client)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/58e76d4626a5bb003f581a3c/badge.svg)](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/58e76d4626a5bb003f581a3c)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvpotter/kladr-api-client.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/mvpotter/kladr-api-client)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvpotter/kladr-api-client/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvpotter/kladr-api-client?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/6ac627c562bc4cb59ef92e1424b0ed1b)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mvpotter/kladr-api-client?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=mvpotter/kladr-api-client&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

# KLADR API client

Visit [https://kladr-api.ru](https://kladr-api.ru) for more info.

# Maven

kladrapi-client is distributed using [jitpack.io](https://jitpack.io/), thus it is necessary to add jitpack repository
to your pom.xml or setting.xml file.

```xml
<repository>
    <id>jitpack.io</id>
    <url>https://jitpack.io</url>
</repository>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.github.mvpotter</groupId>
        <artifactId>kladrapi-client</artifactId>
        <version>${kladrapi-client.version}</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

# Usage

```java
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.KladrApiClient;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.Request;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.CityRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.OneStringRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.StreetRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.RequestWithLimit;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.RequestWithParent;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.ZipRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.response.Response;

// ...

KladrApiClient client = new KladrApiClient("{ your API token }");

// city request
final Request cityRequest = new CityRequest("Нов");
// street request
final Request streetRequest = new StreetRequest("{ cityId }", "Ленин");
// zip request with parent info, limited to single locality in result
final Request zipRequest = new RequestWithLimit(new RequestWithParent(new ZipRequest("630001")), 1);
// one string request
final Request oneStringRequest = new OneStringRequest("Ленин");

// make api call
final Response respones = client.search(cityRequest);

```

Commit message:

add requirements section to readme

readme.md, after:

[![Maven](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/mvpotter/kladr-api-client.svg?label=maven)](https://jitpack.io/#mvpotter/kladr-api-client)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/58e76d4626a5bb003f581a3c/badge.svg)](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/58e76d4626a5bb003f581a3c)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvpotter/kladr-api-client.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/mvpotter/kladr-api-client)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvpotter/kladr-api-client/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvpotter/kladr-api-client?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/6ac627c562bc4cb59ef92e1424b0ed1b)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mvpotter/kladr-api-client?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=mvpotter/kladr-api-client&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

# KLADR API client

Visit [https://kladr-api.ru](https://kladr-api.ru) for more info.

# Requirements

- JDK 1.7
- KLADR API token. You can get it for free [here](https://kladr-api.ru/register)

# Maven

kladrapi-client is distributed using [jitpack.io](https://jitpack.io/), thus it is necessary to add jitpack repository
to your pom.xml or setting.xml file.

```xml
<repository>
    <id>jitpack.io</id>
    <url>https://jitpack.io</url>
</repository>

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.github.mvpotter</groupId>
        <artifactId>kladrapi-client</artifactId>
        <version>${kladrapi-client.version}</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

# Usage

```java
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.KladrApiClient;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.Request;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.CityRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.OneStringRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.StreetRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.RequestWithLimit;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.RequestWithParent;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.request.ZipRequest;
import com.mvpotter.kladrapi.response.Response;

// ...

KladrApiClient client = new KladrApiClient("{ your API token }");

// city request
final Request cityRequest = new CityRequest("Нов");
// street request
final Request streetRequest = new StreetRequest("{ cityId }", "Ленин");
// zip request with parent info, limited to single locality in result
final Request zipRequest = new RequestWithLimit(new RequestWithParent(new ZipRequest("630001")), 1);
// one string request
final Request oneStringRequest = new OneStringRequest("Ленин");

// make api call
final Response respones = client.search(cityRequest);

```
